# Starfield-Map-Helper
A small project for Starfield to provide missing features of the ingame map...

You can help if you'd like to. Take one of the system.html as template, and adapt to the given data. You do not need to be perfect when doing this. If you just provide the basic changes, and apply the correct links etc., 95% of the work is already done. I might provide a complete self replicating template at one point. Thank you.

Nexus Download: https://www.nexusmods.com/starfield/mods/7689?tab=description&BH=4

2.1.2024: I'm currently somewhat busy helping to improve the UESP-Wiki(https://starfieldwiki.net/wiki/Home), so don't expect any major updates during the next 4-8 weeks. I will however release smaller polishing updates on a 1-2 weekly frequency. Current work in progress for the next major update is: integrated Desktop-Radio(this will also be a seperate release on the Nexus). A difficulty overlay to have a quick fly over system specific difficulties. Linking the Star labels to real star wiki links for educational purpose. Adding "real Star names" as toggleable option. The system template, which might end up being a full fledged auto build extension for systems. See the back up for revision 1 which allowed you to build your own stars.

31.1.2024: ...and now for the major bomb drop:

- the whole "system mini journal aspect" has been revamped. there is now a dedicated system "journal" if you press the "s"(system) or "c"(codex). the structure might be intially confusing, because you will be presented with a 240 elements grid. each of the elements has a "button" like shape and a text input area. the text input area is supposed to act like a "naming field", so, for example, you could write a system name into it. if you then click the adjacent button, it will expand the "journal" underneath which will give you access to 12 text fields plus 12 adjacent image spaces. the idea here is simple: combine text and images you make in game

technically that means what I present you with here, is an interactable in game "Wikipedia" or "Codex" or whatever name you wanna give it. adding images is as easy as to make a Steam screenshot and then use the Steam overlay to catch the image link and put it into your journal's URL imagelink section. of course all the new features are fully saved to local storage, and can be exported to an external .json, so to say "saved" as a game would be saved. but mind though, given the sheer quantitie of entries this new addition is potentially going to add to local storage, I wouldn't rely on LS at all. from here now it's more like a "short time" saving/back-up instance depending on the number of entries. you will most certainly lose content if you close the application without properly saving(exporting) to .json

and if that wasn't enough, as already mentioned, there are two instances of that new journal. one is a"system" journal, the other is meant to be used as "fauna/flora codex"., but of course you are free to use those journals for whatever you like. i'd love to see some of you guys sharing .json exports online for others to import. but mind though, the codex, for now, is basically just a copy aste variant of the system journal, because I didn't found the time and enough reasons to customize it apart from the system journal. but that doesn't mean it is not fully intact, it only means it will be subject to strong visual variation in future updates
